chore(components): fix post-linkarea delegated click to support client-side router navigation (#8141)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/little-eggs-attack.md

---

> '@swisspost/design-system-components': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@swisspost/design-system-components-react': patch
```

---

> Updated `post-linkarea` to dispatch a bubbling delegated click, so router links navigate without a full page reload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `post-linkarea` to dispatch a bubbling event, enabling router link navigation without triggering a full page reload.
```
